[Devtools] Update README links (#37)
devfile-samples/devfile-sample-go-basic: README.md

* [Go `devfile.yaml`](https://github.com/devfile-samples/devfile-sample-go-basic/blob/main/devfile.yaml)
* [Go `Dockerfile`](https://github.com/devfile-samples/devfile-sample-go-basic/blob/main/docker/Dockerfile)

1. The `devfile.yaml` file has an [`image-build` component](https://github.com/devfile-samples/devfile-sample-go-basic/blob/main/devfile.yaml#L20-L26) that points to your `Dockerfile`.
2. The [`docker/Dockerfile`](https://github.com/devfile-samples/devfile-sample-go-basic/blob/main/docker/Dockerfile) contains the instructions you need to build the code sample as a container image.
3. The `devfile.yaml` [`kubernetes-deploy` component](https://github.com/devfile-samples/devfile-sample-go-basic/blob/main/devfile.yaml#L27-L39) points to a `deploy.yaml` file that contains instructions for deploying the built container image.

> 4. The `devfile.yaml` [`deploy` command](https://github.com/devfile-samples/devfile-sample-go-basic/blob/main/devfile.yaml#L42-L55) completes the [outerloop](https://devfile.io/docs/2.2.0/innerloop-vs-outerloop) deployment phase by pointing to the `image-build` and `kubernetes-deploy` components to create your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. The `devfile.yaml` [`deploy` command](https://github.com/devfile-samples/devfile-sample-go-basic/blob/main/devfile.yaml#L47-L54) completes the [outerloop](https://devfile.io/docs/2.2.0/innerloop-vs-outerloop) deployment phase by pointing to the `image-build` and `kubernetes-deploy` components to create your application.
```
